(All organizations, locations, religions, and characters...)
(in this drama are fictitious.)
(Final Episode)
Here. I will show you...
what is true and what is false.
Apostle Kang.
- No. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Oh, no.
Now, take a look.
Do you think this Book of Salvation which burned to ashes is the truth?
Or am I, whom even the fire couldn't hurt, the truth?
- Spiritual Father. - Goodness.
I shall now stay within you.
I shall declare the truth through your mouth.
I shall lift your arm...
and perform miracles.
And I shall lead you to the door to salvation.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Why did you want to see me?
Where did you hide my mom?
We didn't hide her.
We just moved her to a better place for her treatment.
You satisfy your desire using a powerless person.
It's just like that cult.
You and my dad are...
as crazy as them!
You will realize it after a while.
In this world,
what's real and what's false are not different.
So don't try so hard to distinguish the real from the false.
It will only make your life harder.
If that's how you live your life,
I will never live mine the same way.
I told you to give me...
the voice recorder if you want to see your mom.
It looked like...
your mom misses you a lot.
Your... Your father...
He...
pushed me.
How could you...
How could you do this to me?
Ji Hee is your assistant!
It's a misunderstanding.
There seems to be a big misunderstanding.
Withdraw your candidacy.
What?
If it's really a misunderstanding...
just like you said,
withdraw your candidacy.
Tomorrow is the election.
I want Sang Hwan...
to lead an honorable life.
If you don't,
I will give this dash camera footage to Mr. Cheon, your competitor.
No. Give it to me.
Hi, is this Mr. Cheon's campaign office?
Yes.
You...
and I...
will have a spiritual wedding...
and become one.
I will be at your service.
My savior.
My eternal life.
My...
Spiritual Father.
Your mother will be so happy when she sees you...
wearing this wedding dress.
I'm sure Sang Jin will be happy too.
It was that day.
- What? - That day,
if I had done everything I could...
to stop you,
would things have turned out differently?
Sang Mi.
Your mother shouldn't be taken to the hospital.
The only place that can treat her is Guseonwon.
Dad.
I pity you now.
What are you talking about?
Why would you pity me?
Because...
you're not aware of how horrible...
this situation is.
Sang Mi.
You shouldn't think like that anymore.
You should be grateful for how blessed you are.
Just look forward to all the miraculous things...
that will come your way.
Okay?
(Flame Resistant)
- My goodness. - Unbelievable.
Apostle Kang.
What are you doing here?
Our Almighty said...
we can use white lies as strategies for salvation.
Aren't I right?
It doesn't matter whether you tell the truth or lie.
Spreading our Almighty's words is a great thing in itself.
Therefore, our Almighty shall continue to be happy.
Are you...
being swayed right now?
No.
My devotion towards our Almighty will never get swayed.
Then why...
do I see...
doubt in your eyes?
It's not because I doubt our Almighty.
It's because I doubt you.
Did you just say that...
you're doubting me right now?
Evil spirits keep spreading in Guseonwon.
I'm doubtful if you're fulfilling your duty of spreading...
our Almighty's...
words.
Doubt.
Anxiety.
Fear.
These are all...
thoughts of the devil.
I want you to go to the prayer room right now...
and repent.
If I don't contact you by tomorrow morning...
Will you really be able to disclose all this?
You're basically strangling your father with your own hands.
You can...
disclose everything about my dad.
Is there a patient named Chae Min Hwa here?
No.
Can you check again? Her name is Chae Min Hwa.
Please do me a favor.
Hello? Excuse me!
Hey, Man Hee.
Is she not there either?
Okay.
I'll go downtown to look for her.
Call me if you find anything. Okay, thanks.
Why isn't anyone coming out?
My goodness.
- Are you okay? - Please...
call...
my son.
You want me to call your son?
What happened?
They... They brought me here against my will.
You were forced to come here?
Han Sang...
- Hwan. - What?
Han...
Han Sang...
- Hwan. - Hwan.
Is that your son's name? Han Sang Hwan?
Do you know his phone number?
Salvation.
Eternal life.
Salvation. Eternal life.
Go to your room. You should go to sleep.
Our Almighty. Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Hello?
Are you Han Sang Hwan?
Yes, that's me.
Your mother's safe. Don't worry.
Who are you? No. Where is she?
She's at Guseonwon Sanitarium.
Wait. Wait.
Sang Hwan, it's going to happen today at dawn.
I'm going to do as we planned. I'll see you at dawn.
(Reset Settings: You will not be able to restore any information.)
How dare you try to seduce my daughter?
That's enough, Apostle Im.
This is the only way we can...
shake this place upside down.
If he finds out that I'm Sang Hwan's friend,
he'll lock me up in the basement storage...
with other people.
He said he had a cellphone inside that water tank.
Why are you doing this to me?
Stop it. It's all over now.
I found it.
It was true.
Take him.
When you met him outside,
what did he say to you?
He said he would save people here...
if I pretend not to know him.
Those evil demons.
This is how foolish people in the outside world are.
Our wishes will be fulfilled. I believe it.
Sir. Are you okay?
Home... I want to go home.
Excuse me. Please wake up.
We have to get out of here.
Excuse me.
Please don't hurt me.
You shouldn't have been born in the first place.
Whenever I see you,
I can feel my rage boiling up, you brat.
You should just die!
Dad.
Why... Why are you here?
Why? Why!
Don't hit me. Please don't hit me.
Dad.
Is this why you couldn't be there when Grandma died?
Please don't kill me. Please.
Please don't kill me.
I am...
never going to forgive you all.
I'm going to kill all of you myself.
Please don't kill me...
Please...
Hi, Sang Hwan.
Jung Hoon, do me a favor.
What is it?
I'm on my way to Guseonwon now.
We're going with Dong Cheol's plan.
If you don't hear from me until the morning, report it to the police...
and come to Guseonwon.
No, Sang Hwan. That's not good. Hold on.
Don't go there. Let's just...
Let's talk in person. Where are you now?
Jung Hoon, Dong Cheol and Sang Mi are waiting for me now.
- Please do as I said. - Sang Hwan, hang on.
Sang Hwan. Sang Hwan...
Guseonwon's secret funds are...
inside the vault in Spiritual Father's office.
The believers will leave after the morning worship,
so we'll get inside the office then.
Okay?
Almighty.
Guseonwon, the Boat of Salvation, is...
about to sink to the bottom of the sea now.
Please...
do not let this Boat of Salvation sink.
Please protect Guseonwon.
Yes, Almighty.
I will do it.
If you...
use me as the guardian of the Boat of Salvation,
I will change everything here into something new.
I will do that, Almighty.
Mom!
Hey, carry this around you at all times.
- What is this for? - It has...
a location-tracking device in it,
so I can see where you are.
If we end up going with your plan,
I can find you without searching around.
Sang Hwan.
Although I'm here,
I'm not worried at all.
I know you will come for me.
I know you will come...
and tell me to stand tall just like before.
Let's go.
Are you feeling okay?
I'm fine.
Let's go.
Sang Mi!
There you are, Sang Mi.
Are you ready to do this now?
Yes.
I will save this place...
no matter what.
Yes.
There is still enough time.
The fire of our Almighty...
will burn away all your sins, and it will...
make you become...
as light as a feather.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - We believe it!
Those who wish receive the fire of our Almighty,
please stand up.
The fire of our Almighty shall be...
generously given to everyone here.
- We believe it! - We believe it!
- Our wishes will be fulfilled! - Our wishes will be fulfilled!
Here is the fire of our Almighty!
Fire!
Wan Deok.
Let's go.
Dong Cheol.
Dong Cheol!
Sang Hwan.
Sang Hwan! I'm in here!
Sang Hwan!
Sang Hwan! Over here!
Spiritual Mother.
It's time for you to go now.
- Are you okay, Dong Cheol? - Yes, I'm okay.
I can't believe this.
It's me. It's me, Jung Hoon.
Dong Cheol. Dong Cheol, are you okay?
Are you okay? My gosh.
What is this place?
I can't believe this.
Those people that you saw are all here.
You should call the police,
and take everyone here to the hospital.
Okay, okay. What about you guys?
We have to go save Sang Mi.
Okay, leave this place to us. You guys should go.
Okay.
My dad's...
in here as well.
I thought he just left home.
But I guess he was brought here.
Please take good care of him.
Okay. Don't worry.
We'll take good care of him.
Don't worry.
Let's go.
Be careful, okay?
You and your daughter...
were being controlled by the devil.
That's why these pills never worked on you.
I never should have brought your family here.
You were once a mother yourself.
I heard other people talk about you.
I heard that...
you also had a daughter like Sang Mi.
Do you want Sang Mi to die like your daughter did?
If you were once a mother,
please let her go now.
These are your clothes.
You'll be spotted easily with that patient gown on.
So you should change into something else and get out of here.
Your daughter...
will be sleeping with Spiritual Father soon.
Okay.
Let's just burn everything and start all over again.
Then I'll be able to go to paradise...
with my daughter...
and meet our Almighty.
Come in, Sang Mi.
Apostle Im. You may now excuse us and go pray.
Okay. Our wishes will be fulfilled. I believe it.
Do not be afraid.
You will...
also enjoy this.
You devils!
How dare you come here?
Get lost right now!
Sang Hwan, you should go save her.
Okay. I'll go first.
Where do you think you're going?
Don't refuse...
the touch of Almighty.
You devil.
Die!
I can't watch this anymore.
Dong Cheol.
Let's do some workout, shall we?
You go first.
In order to remove your sin,
you have to share...
both your body and soul with me.
Only then will I...
be able to give you my best spiritual energy.
This is just the way you used to violate women.
With your filthy tongue.
Don't try to fight this...
if you do not wish to die...
at such a young and beautiful age...
just like Apostle Kang's daughter, Yu Ra.
How many were there?
How many people have you killed?
We will all...
meet again in the paradise.
Everyone including Sang Jin...
and Jeong Gu.
Murderer.
You are a murderer!
I'm not too late, am I?
Let's go.
You crazy jerk.
I'm Almighty.
How dare you!
You're a crazy man.
Do you really believe you're Almighty?
You're wrong. You're just a beast.
Sang Mi.
Sang Mi!
Mom!
- Sang Mi! - Mom.
Are you okay?
I'm sorry I came too late.
No, Mom. I'm okay.
Are you okay?
Did you get evidence?
The truth of that filthy man is all recorded in here.
I'm going to reveal it now.
Yes. Everything is over now.
Come on. Let's get out of here.
Let's go.
Where do you think you're going?
Sang Mi!
Come on. Let's get out of here.
Where do you think you're going?
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
Sang Mi!
Put that knife down.
You can never get out of here.
Sang Mi. Sang Mi!
- Mom. - Move. I said, move!
Sang Mi!
Mom, don't come closer.
Do not follow us.
If you do...
Sang Mi...
Ms. Kim.
I'll take care of her. Go.
Make sure she's okay.
Ms. Kim, are you all right?
Apostle Kang.
What are you...
doing right now?
This is the divine message Almighty sent me.
I heard a clear and distinct voice.
I will burn down every filthy sin in this place...
and start anew.
Have you lost your mind?
I'm Almighty.
How dare you.
Sang Mi.
Almighty will...
turn this place into a new one.
What...
are you doing?
I will...
burn down this filthy place.
Sang Mi.
What?
Are you afraid?
I... I'm sorry.
Forgive me.
No.
You deserve to die.
Die...
and fall into the fire pit!
Sang Mi!
Don't do that.
If you do,
you will become a murderer.
No.
I will...
end his life myself no matter what.
Didn't you tell me...
you would get out of this horrible place...
and go back to the world outside?
Let's let him...
be judged by the law.
I am...
I am Almighty.
I have eternal life. I am immortal!
It's dangerous. Let's get out of here.
Help me!
No!
Are you okay?
It's all over now.
Finally,
the time that felt like a nightmare is over.
You've been strong.
Can you walk?
Yes.
I will...
walk out of here by myself proudly.
This place became a total mess while I was gone.
This is the paradise.
Those evil devils. I'm going to kill them.
Sang Mi. Spiritual Father.
No. No!
Listen to it and decide for yourself.
My dad...
I mean,
the governor of Muji-gun. This will tell you everything...
about the relationship between him and the cult leader.
What if it's a complete waste of time again?
And we'll get in trouble if Chief finds out about this.
Shut it, you idiot.
Hey, drive faster.
- You devils! - Go away!
- Go away! - Leave our premises!
- How dare you set foot here? - Get out of our premises!
- Go away! - Get lost!
- Almighty will punish you all. - Go away!
- All right. Make way, please. - Go away!
- Move out of our way! - Get lost!
How dare you set foot on these grounds?
Spiritual Father is Almighty.
- Go away, you devils! - Go away!
Why are you guys just standing? Arrest them!
- Make way! - Go away!
How dare you!
- My gosh. - Who is he?
For goodness' sake.
Aren't you believers of Almighty? Why are you acting like hoodlums?
- Get that jerk. - Yes, let's go.
- Get him! - Stop right there!
- Stop! - Go away!
No.
My daughter must become Spiritual Mother.
She must. I ought to make her become Spiritual Mother.
- What about Sang Mi? - She'll be okay.
Gosh, you rat. Dong Cheol.
My life has become a mess because of you guys.
You must be ready for the consequences.
What should we do?
Please don't worry.
Stay right behind me, okay?
Wan Deok.
Dong Cheol!
You rats ruined everything.
Because of you punks...
You jerks. It's all your fault.
Hey, Mr. Curly Hair.
Mr. Gatekeeper.
Mom.
I told you to never trust anybody.
You guys are surely friends. You're like two peas in a pod.
Hey, aren't you embarrassed that you're fighting with kids?
How about a showdown with me?
Mr. Curly Hair.
- You piece of... - Jerk!
You little...
Jerk! You piece of...
You scum. Get a taste of this, jerk!
You rats got me into this mess!
I warned you not to act up, you scumbag.
Gosh, those crazy pagans.
They sure are persistent.
Bring it on.
Is it you, Apostle Jo?
Oh, look who's here.
Sergeant Woo, it's you.
What happened to you? What are you doing here?
I must say,
I think Almighty loves me very much.
Who would've thought I'd run into you here?
Please... Help me. Hurry, let's get out of here.
I asked you what you're doing here.
I hope you're not trying to flee alone.
What are you doing now?
You stay out. I'll take care of this.
Wait.
Do you think...
that nothing will happen to you if I get arrested?
You'll be doomed too. You got that?
Those who have sinned must be punished.
Officer Choi.
Arrest both of us.
- Sorry? - Didn't you hear me? Arrest us!
Come on.
No.
Apostle Kang.
A new chapter has begun.
Sorry?
This was what Almighty wanted.
Yes, Almighty.
I'll rise again...
and spread your word to the entire world.
Will we really be able to rise again?
Of course.
- Come on! - Let go of us!
Dong Cheol.
Take care of the rest for me. I need to find my mom.
All right. I know that you'll find her, Sang Hwan.
Just a second.
Is your name Han Sang Hwan?
Yes.
Han...
- Sang... Hwan. - Sang?
Is your mother ill by any chance?
Are you the one who called me?
Yes, it was me. I'll show you where your mom is.
- I'll get going. - All right. I'll see you later.
Sang Hwan.
Thanks.
Had you not heard what I said...
in the van that day, I would've fallen apart a long time ago.
Save me.
What a surprise. I didn't think you'd ever thank me.
See you later.
- Mom. - Yes?
If an omnipotent being...
really exists up there,
he'll be sure to punish them, right?
Of course.
He will definitely answer our prayers.
In mountains in Muji-gun, North Gyeongsang Province,
many dead bodies have been found, and the news has left many in shock.
They're speculated to have been buried by a religious organization,
and wounds that could have been caused by assault have been found,
so it looks like the police will carry out autopsies.
My father, Governor Han Yong Min,
colluded with a religious cult...
and tried to build a sanitarium...
in order to obtain and launder illegal funds.
Also, in order to conceal his corrupt deeds,
on June 29, 2016,
he pushed my mother,
Chae Min Hwa, down a mountain hill...
in an attempt to kill her.
I would like to take this chance to report my father,
Governor Han Yong Min,
- to the police. - How do you feel now?
Don't worry.
Things will quiet down very soon.
You should hire lawyers first so that we can...
This must be the end.
I wanted to see how high you can go up,
but I ended up seeing you fall hard instead.
Ji Hee.
You should get going.
Please come with us, Mr. Han.
There he is! He's coming!
- There he is. - He's here.
He's here.
Sir, do you admit that you attempted to murder your wife?
Do you admit that you colluded with a religious cult?
A reporter who was working on a story about them was murdered.
Please say a few words.
I will answer all questions in detail in court.
- How do you feel now? - Say a few words.
- Sir, please say a few words. - Sir!
Hello, Senator Choi.
It's me, Lee Ji Hee.
How have you been?
I'm thinking of moving back to Yeouido.
If you have some time...
Ms. Lee, where do you think you're going?
Sorry?
You need to be interviewed as a witness.
You were in the same boat with Mr. Han, you know.
Sir, I'll call you back in a bit.
Go on. I'll follow you.
- There he is. - It must be him.
Sir, how do you feel now?
Please say a few words.
- Please say a few words! - Are the allegations true?
Sir!
- We love you - We love you
- Almighty - Almighty
- Spiritual Father gives us joy - Spiritual Father gives us joy
Do you really believe that your leader is still alive?
How dare you!
- I saw it with my own two eyes. - That's right.
Spiritual Father ascended to the sky in a big whiff of smoke.
He even waved his hand at me like this.
I know that he'll be resurrected.
Totally. Look at this. This is...
his autograph.
Salvation and immortal life.
He'll be resurrected and return to us!
That's right!
You devils. If you look down on us,
three generations of your family will end up in the fiery pit!
His grace and kindness saved us.
- He never duped us! - Exactly!
She's absolutely right.
- Spiritual Father gives me joy - Spiritual Father gives me joy
- I love you, Almighty - I love you, Almighty
All of you survived...
the Day of Judgment because...
you were chosen by Almighty.
Do you all believe it?
- We believe it. - We believe it.
"Ask,"
"and you shall receive."
"Seek,"
"and you shall find the answer."
"Knock,"
"and the door will open."
All those who ask shall receive,
all those who seek will find the answer,
and the door will open for all those who knock.
So far, we've been...
trying to find a way to make the Boat of Salvation float again...
by asking and praying to Almighty with all of our hearts...
to find the answer.
And finally, Almighty...
spoke clearly to me.
He told me...
that this place will become Guseonwon's new sanctuary.
Do you all believe it?
- We believe it, Spiritual Mother! - We believe it, Spiritual Mother!
(Im Sang Jin, August 2, 1998 - March 10, 2014)
Sang Jin.
I'll never become weak like that again.
Sang Mi and I will try to live our lives to the fullest,
so you should rest in peace now.
Sang Jin.
Mom and I want to be happy now...
so that...
you don't have to worry about us...
and smile in the real paradise.
Bye, Son.
Have you eaten yet?
What about you?
Not yet.
Do you want to eat jjajangmyeon?
Sure.
My dad and I will challenge ourselves and see if we can do this.
In how many minutes?
All right. If we finish this in five minutes, we don't have to pay.
- Do you think you can do it? - Yes, sure.
- Will you be okay? - Of course.
Then before we pick up our chopsticks,
we should drink this to protect our stomachs.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
All right, here we go.
Start!
Gosh, it's so spicy!
Look at this idiot. I'm out.
My mouth is on fire!
Goodness, why is this beer so bland?
Here.
Goodness, cut it out.
Come on.
- Me? - Yes.
Make sure you chew well.
My gosh, what on earth has gotten into you two?
Pil Soo, this guy can be so sweet like this.
Aren't I right?
Okay, I heard you.
Eat up.
Joon Gu, you should try this too.
- Drink up, guys. - You too, Joon Gu.
- Let's do this. - All right, cheers.
Cheers.
- I'll see you all soon. - All right.
Sang Hwan, what you need in order to thrive here isn't your brain...
but your guts. You know that, right?
Is that right?
Is that why you got fired from the courier service?
I hope you're not proud of that. You need to use your brain.
You little...
Sang Hwan, Sang Hwan.
Gosh, my eyes are welling up with tears.
When he was a toddler, I changed his diapers...
and fed him.
- I even carried him around... - Isn't your enlistment next week?
Shut it! I want to pause time.
Time will keep flowing.
Make sure you don't skip meals, okay?
Don't you worry.
You should try to eat less, okay?
I should go in now. Here, guys.
Good luck.
See you soon.
I'll follow you soon.
I'll see you guys soon.
Has everything been well?
You'll visit us too, right?
We're all friends, you know.
Yes.
People ask me...
how I was able to hold out at a place like that.
The hope that I'll be able to get out of there one day.
The hope that the real omnipotent being must be watching over us.
The hope that someone will answer...
upon hearing my desperate cry.
Such hopes are what got me through those days.
I believe...
that such hopes still exist in this world.
(Save Me)
Almighty is the king and the creator of the paradise.
You must believe Almighty!
The day of judgment is coming.
All of us must pray and repent our sins.
This world is filled with evil souls.
You must believe Almighty.
Spiritual Father is still alive.
Pray and repent your sins.
The day of judgment is just around the corner.
The day of salvation is near.
I'm certain that Spiritual Father...
will return to us!